Good morning/afternoon, dear professors. I feel so glad to meet all of you here for this **interview** at University of Electronic Science and Technology of China. My name is YangJinye, and I come from **Chengdu** and that\'s also **one of the reasons** why I choose to come here for the master degree.I am currently pursuing my **Bachelor's degree** in at **Southwest University**. And my **major** is **Software Engineering**.

In terms of **student work**, I'm the **monitor** of my class, a role that\'s not only contributing to my class but also helpful to my leadership skills.

In terms of **academic performance**, I have not only **ranked** at the top of my major but also been awarded **scholarships** many times. Additionally, I joined a professor's research **lab** in my school, then I studied the way of **vessel segmentation** by deep-learning under the teacher's guidance. My **exposure** to these areas has been **foundational**. Yeah... anyway...  but I'm interested in the area and I think then are helpful for my **furture learning career**.

In terms of **practical coding skills**, I **interned** at Chinasoft, an IT Company in Chongqing. This experience allowed me to apply **theoretical** knowledge in a real project, enhancing my coding abilities and understanding of software engineering.

In my **leisure time**, I enjoy playing football and badminton, I think sports can keep me **physically and mentally** fit. I also like reading, I'm a fan of **JinYong** I have read a lot of his **novels**.

In the end, I would like to say that I like UESTC very much and want to continue my **postgraduate** study here. I hope I can achieve it.Sorry I got a little nervous, because I want to hold this opportunity. Thank you very much for your **time and attention**.

## Why do you choose to study at our school？

It's one of the best university in China. And it\'s the best University in my hometown. Especially better than the university close to here.

## What is your plan in the postgraduate study

learn the mathematics machine-learning deep-learning, make foundation of doctor degree or the future jobs

## Tell me something about your major

Well. My major is software engineer. I have learned the courses just like other computer science majors like Operating system, algorithm and the networks. Additionally, I learned the way of practically programming, and finished some projects made by Springboot, yeah, the SSM frame.

## Tell something about your university

That\'s Southwest University. My school is full of all kinds of plants. So there is many insects and even snakes. In my Sophomore year, there is even a monkey come from the mountains close to my school show up. And the canteen is good, there is also a lot of playgrounds......and beautiful girls

## What is your favorite subject and why?

Mathematics modeling.

the course is helpful for making a solid foundation for my math, and also I get a lot from writing some codes to deal the practical works.



## What is your favorite book and why?

I would like to say it\'s tianlongbabu. I think it\'s a little difficult to translate the name into English. The story in the book is fantastic. And the spirit it tells is impressive. A man should always be helpful to the society and the people in our country, in Chinese we say 为国为民，侠之大者



## What is your favorite food and why?

cause I\'m a person grow in Chengdu. I would like to say I like hotpot best. But after I come to Chongqing for my University, Xiaomian is also great, it\'s cheap and delicious. anyway, all the spicy food is ok.



## hometown

It\'s a little bit hard for me to answer the question. cause professors maybe have been lived here at least five years or longer. It\'s mostly famous for the hotpot, the spicy food, the cozy city, the Shu culture. And the Chuan opera, the man can change his masks quickly.



## hobby

In my spire time, I like to play football and badminton. And I joined the weekly train in my college. So I sometimes represent my college to play badminton. I think it can keep me physically and mentally fit. I also like reading



## 我们实验室里面有很多方向，你最感兴趣的是哪一个方向？

Actually I don\'t have a solid foundation of any academic direction. For me, I just learned some basic knowledge of deep-learning and machine-learning, so any direction is OK. But I have to say that experence I solved vessel segmentation problem is exciting.



## 说一下你最感兴趣的一个方向的算法？

I have to say that the most interesting is back propagation, it is important in all the AI aspects. But the most elegant algorithm I think is quick sort.It is easy and efficient traditional way to sort the nums.



## What is your favorite movie and why?

The Shawshank Redemption. The movie tells a story about liberty freedom. The main character Andy escapes from the prizon on his own and get freedom again. The freedom is more expensive than the love and money.



## 你的最好的朋友是谁？为什么？

My best friend is my classmate in high school years. His name is Zhengyang Tang. Now he is studying at Southwest university of Finance and economy. Cause we both like football and often play football together, we became friends. And then, we often communicate math and physics in the high school years. So he is also a important teacher for me.



## 讲讲研究生规划？

If I get the offer to UESTC, I would like to learn with the professor as soon as possible. Cause I have to make a solid foundation for the next 3 years. For the first year, I would like to read some articles and try my best to finish an article under the teacher\'s guidance. In the second and third year, if anything is ok I would like to continue the work and routine in the first year and pursue the doctor degree. But if I fail, I would like to intern to some IT company.

## 关于数模国赛

Well, for this contest , our team doesn\'t have a leader. I mainly do the work about program and model for two questions. One is about classify two kinds of glass. And the second one is to predict the glass\'s kind with the feature vector.

## 关于华为

For this contest, it gave us a question about algorithm, it\'s a bit hard to translate the whole question into English, but I have to say that it\'s about imitate the situation of the company provide the service of vitual computer, you know the work about do some compute. So we just have to design a algorithm to find out the best answer.

## 关于科研

vessel segmentation

pytorch

change the construction on the base of U-net

redesign the blocks

a little diffrence from the article



